README.md, before:

# YTech

brings you to Stone Age, increasing difficulty on early game by forcing you to use primitive technology for progression.

Also, vanilla mobs like cows, pigs, sheep and chickens are replaced by their wild ancestors.

Vanilla recipes for early game items are modified, forcing tools on some blocks and adding new tools, items and blocks to help you with progression.

Currently mod covers
- Stone age
- Bronze age
- Beginning of iron age (crafting iron ingot is final step right now)

All bugs report on [GitHub](https://github.com/yanny7/ytech).

Ideas for expanding implemented ages or for next ages can be shared on [discord](https://discord.gg/c2knc97j):

**For more information check [wiki](https://github.com/yanny7/YTech/wiki)**

## Hints

> - You can't mine wood and dirt without correct tool
> - Your first goal is to find flint and hit stone with it
> - Grass fibers can be obtained by breaking grass with sharp flint
> - Look for deer, you need it for your first pickaxe
> - Only deer with antlers drops correct item
> - Primitive Smelter and Primitive Alloy Smelter needs chimneys for increasing temperature
> - Each type of chimney can be up to 4 blocks high, otherwise it collapse
> - Using reinforced chimney you can increase height up to 8 blocks, with 4 of each chimney
> - In rivers, you can find sand and gravel deposits with cassiterite (tin) and gold
> - It's recommended to use JEI
> - You have to breed wild animals to get their domesticated versions
>   - Aurochs -> Cow
>   - Mouflon -> Sheep
>   - Fowl -> Chicken
>   - Wild Boar -> Pig

Commit message:

Added prehistoric items and jewelry with effects and added Curios API integration

README.md, after:

# YTech

brings you to Stone Age, increasing difficulty on early game by forcing you to use primitive technology for progression.

Also, vanilla mobs like cows, pigs, sheep and chickens are replaced by their wild ancestors.

Vanilla recipes for early game items are modified, forcing tools on some blocks and adding new tools, items and blocks to help you with progression.

Currently mod covers
- Stone age
- Bronze age
- Beginning of iron age (crafting iron ingot is final step right now)

## Compatibility

These dependencies are optional, but highly recommended:

- The One Probe - Provides more information about in-world blocks and entities
- Just Enough Items - You can see all changed recipes
- Curios API - Needed for jewelry effects, otherwise items are useless

All bugs report on [GitHub](https://github.com/yanny7/ytech).

Ideas for expanding implemented ages or for next ages can be shared on [discord](https://discord.gg/c2knc97j).

**For more information check [wiki](https://github.com/yanny7/YTech/wiki)**

## Hints

> - You can't mine wood and dirt without correct tool
> - Your first goal is to find flint and hit stone with it
> - Grass fibers can be obtained by breaking grass with sharp flint
> - Look for deer, you need it for your first pickaxe
> - Only deer with antlers drops correct item
> - Primitive Smelter and Primitive Alloy Smelter needs chimneys for increasing temperature
> - Each type of chimney can be up to 4 blocks high, otherwise it collapse
> - Using reinforced chimney you can increase height up to 8 blocks, with 4 of each chimney
> - In rivers, you can find sand and gravel deposits with cassiterite (tin) and gold
> - It's recommended to use JEI
> - You have to breed wild animals to get their domesticated versions
>   - Aurochs -> Cow
>   - Mouflon -> Sheep
>   - Fowl -> Chicken
>   - Wild Boar -> Pig
